Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
I've been
waiting for over an hour.
If i said yes to half the guys
who wanted to buy me a drink,
you'd be pouring
me out of this meat rack.
All in the line
of duty, shalimar.
Yeah but why here?
Well,
donna's still reluctant,
i wanted to let her
choose the rendez-vous spot.
This seems
more like brennan's kind
of assignment if you ask me.
She seemed more comfortable
meeting you, maybe because
you're both members
of the feral sisterhood.
So i'm the lucky sister who
gets to ease her transition
into the underground.
Well, you knew the job was
dangerous when you took it.
Well, i guess
i missed the babysitting
part of the job description.
You said nine o'clock.
I'm sorry i'm late.
Bag in the car?
I didn't pack my bag.
I changed my mind.
I don't
need to go into
the underground.
Donna,
we're pretty sure the gsa
has you in their sights.
Yeah.
They're only looking
for new mutants, right?
Which you clearly are.
Listen, i've got to go.
My date's waiting.
Hey, you've
got a date, with me.
Adam told me
entering the underground
was completely voluntary.
So?
So, you tell adam that i
said thanks for everything,
but no thanks.
Whoa, hey, sugar.
Do you believe
in love at first sight
or should i walk by again?
Yeah, only
this time, don't stop.
I may appear drunk, but
i'm just intoxicated by you.
Hey, see a tall
brunette pass by here?
Yeah.
She took off
in a black beemer.
Thanks.
So how big are
you talking, jack?
Well, sixty-three
inches, wide screen.
Uh-huh.
Ten thousand dollar
surround sound system.
It's better than a multiplex.
Wow.
Something tells
me i'm not the first
girl who's got to check
out your home
entertainment unit.
Maybe not but
you'd be the best.
You okay, donna?
I don't think so.
If you're sick, i can
get you to the hospital.
There's
one right over...
what the hell was that?
I warned her there's a good
chance the gsa has her targeted.
And she refused to accept
the gravity of the situation?
I mean, it was like
she felt like she didn't
need to worry about it.
It's classical denial.
It's a mind that
can't deal with the facts
just willing
them out of existence.
Adam?
Adam, donna's name came
up in the genomex scan again.
Right, see, they're
after her for something.
I should've never
have let her leave.
No, we can't force
somebody into the underground
against their will.
I thought we had her convinced.
So did i. You go see
her again and maybe in the
cold light of
day, she'll see reason.
I'll give it a shot.
Ms bell.
Mr. Eckhart.
You work in auditing,
is that right?
Yes, sir.
Well, i have to say you're
quite the little go-getter.
Well, if you look at
my employee progress report,
you'll see very
high marks for initiative.
Yes, i'm not surprised,
seeing as how you
accessed my private e-mail.
I felt that what i uncovered
warranted the risk of bypassing
my immediate superiors.
And what exactly
did you uncover?
During an internal audit,
i stumbled across several
anomalies: Inconsistent
equipment appropriations,
un-logged mainframe time,
altered supply requisitions,
all pointing
to one conclusion.
Unauthorized research
in genomex labs.
Indeed.
That's a very serious charge.
So you understand why i
had to bring it immediately
to your attention.
Absolutely.
And do we know who's involved
or what they're doing?
I'm following
several leads, sir.
Rest assured i
will find the culprit.
Your diligence
will not go unnoticed.
Thank you, sir.
Nice shot.
What's up?
I thought i'd
work out with you guys.
These are physical exercises,
emma, not mental ones.
So?
I can be just
as physical as you.
Yeah, i mean when it comes to
bending spoons with your mind,
you've got us beat.
But...
we just don't want
you to get hurt, that's all.
Okay?
Ow.
What the
hell was that for?
Let's try to
play nice, huh, boys?
Donna's not here.
I've been ringing
for a few minutes.
There's no answer.
Can you get into her apartment,
see what you can find out?
Not a problem.
I'll have
brennan and jesse try to find
the date from last night.
Cool.
Yeah, she's a regular.
I've seen her in here with
any number of different guys.
You remember seeing
her with anyone last night?
Afraid not.
Would you remember
me if you saw me last night?
Did this conversation
suddenly take a turn?
I hope so.
So you didn't get
a look at the driver?
Like i said, car pulls up,
she comes in for a few minutes,
goes back out,
they take off.
Hey, guys,
how's it going?
What are
you doing here?
Thought i'd see if
you needed any help.
Thanks, emma, but i think
we're doing fine on our own.
So what'd you find out?
Bartender's
free tomorrow night.
Just think about the
car, everything you saw.
Look,
i already told these guys.
I know.
Just think.
Qrf 592.
The license plate, right?
Yeah.
Does that help?
Yeah, big time.
I'm not used to losing,
but i could get used to it.
What are you doing
in donna's apartment?
I could ask
you the same thing.
What's going on in there?
Open up or i'll call the police.
So, got a name?
Shalimar.
You're a friend of donna's?
More or less.
Now who are you?
Donna and i have
a standing appointment.
Really?
Are you a married man?
Ah, no,
nothing like that.
I've been treating her.
To what?
Oh, you're good.
Obviously.
I was supposed to meet
her here this morning.
And if she doesn't show up,
you just let yourself in?
No,
that's why she gave me this.
Any idea where she is?
I don't know.
Looks like she split.
I knew she
was leaving town but not
before her final treatment.
Yeah.
What are these treatments?
I told you i'd call the police.
They're on their way.
My car's out front.
My bike's out back.
Eyebrows weren't
quite that heavy.
And he had these cute dimples,
right here.
Like that?
That's him.
Now what?
Now we'll cross-reference his
face with all the pertinent
databanks and
see what we can find.
This guy really
got to you, didn't he?
It was like bam, the second
we laid eyes on each other.
An instant
feral attraction.
No, it was more than that.
I mean, you hear about
love at first sight.
It's basically a sudden
shift in brain chemistry.
In your case, accelerated
by your shared mutancy.
Believe me, adam,
my brain had nothing to do
with what went on back there.
Of course it did.
You found yourself in
a highly charged situation.
The dopamine and phenylethamine
released in your brain
created a euphoria.
Simultaneously,
the norepinephrine
triggered an adrenaline
release which stimulated
flushed cheeks, heavy breathing,
sweaty palms and this sudden
shift probably triggered a
limbic system takeover, allowing
reduced integration with
your cortex, resulting
in feelings of infatuation.
Whatever.
I was hot.
What are you
doing with my computer?
It's a genomex computer.
We just work here.
Doesn't explain
what you're doing.
Work authorization says
you've got a frozen hard drive.
There's nothing wrong
with my hard drive.
So i see.
Must've been a
screw-up on our side.
Sorry for
the inconvenience.
Richard saunders, ph. d.
Research
associate at genomex?
If he's been treating donna,
that would explain why her name
kept popping
up in our scans.
Adam, the guy
works for genomex.
Well, that doesn't necessarily
mean what you think.
Come on, i mean, we're
talking about the cover
corporation for the gsa.
Yeah, but except for the top
echelon, genomex employees are
kept in the dark
about gsa activities.
So he may have no idea who these
bastards are he's working for.
Research associate?
Probably not.
Well,
i've got to let him know.
Jesse can turn out
genomex id for me, right?
Yeah, well, of course.
Wait... i can't let you
go waltzing into genomex alone.
Well, you want to know about
these treatments, too, right?
Well, yeah,
but it's dangerous.
Well,
i'm a big girl, adam.
Besides, what can i say?
I'm a fool for love.
Mr. Eckhart,
i believe i've tracked
down the source of the
unauthorized
research, but i still don't
have irrefutable evidence.
You're new to the inner workings
of our organization, karen.
Gsa's criteria for determining
guilt is rather less
stringent than
you'll find out there.
When can i
expect some results?
Well, now that
i've narrowed the field,
i'm monitoring
computer activity.
When the suspect
opens incriminating files,
i'll gain full access
and establish culpability.
At that point, i'll inform you
and you can initiate seizure.
Or you can
initiate seizure.
Me, sir?
I assume your ambitions lie
beyond the auditing department.
Well, yes.
I'll arrange for a couple
of gs agents for you.
Good luck.
Yeah.
Jack mitchell.
Car's registered
to his business,
hartwell brokerage,
sixth and mason.
Great.
I know that part of town.
We'll go talk to the guy.
Find out what happened
to donna last night.
Brennan and
i are on it, adam.
Give me an update
within the hour.
Got him.
Not very gentlemanly
to leave a girl high and dry.
Shalimar.
What are
you doing here?
Well, for one, i want to
know about these treatments
you've been giving donna.
And for another?
The treatments?
Donna wants
a normal life.
I've been helping
her to find it.
I've developed
a serum to help reverse
genetic mutation.
The treatment
takes a few weeks and
once the genetic codes
are realigned,
all traces of mutancy
will disappear.
Wow.
Damn it.
They got in.
Here,
let's go.
Find them.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org